# Layout

The layout of ArmoniK is quite simple. It is composed of a [header](#header), a [navigation bar](#navigation-bar) and the [main content](#main-content) of the page.

![\[Image\] ArmoniK GUI Dashboard Layout](/armonik-layout.png)

## Main Content

Every page display its name at the top left of the screen. In the top right corner, you will find a **"copy url"** button to share the page with others.

## Header

![\[Image\] ArmoniK GUI Header](/armonik-header.png)

The left side of the header is purely informational. You can retrieve your profile name (`Anonymous`).

You also have the possibility to show or hide the navigation bar.

### Environment

::horizontal-area{left=66}
#left
In the middle of the header, you can find informations about the ArmoniK environment, such as its name (`docs-demo`) and version (`0.0.0`).
While hovering the environment, its description will appear.

#right
![\[Image\] ArmoniK Environment header](/armonik-env-header.png)
::

::alert{type="info"}
Look how to modify [ArmoniK environment informations](https://aneoconsulting.github.io/ArmoniK/guide/differentiate-environments).
::

### Language button

Allows to quickly change the language of the application. Currently, only english is supported.

### HealthChecks 

::horizontal-area{left=66}
#left
Provides a quick way to see the state of ArmoniK. You can open it to have a more detailed view, service by service. You can hover one of those services to see the message, and you can also copy it.

#right
![\[Image\] ArmoniK Healthchecks service](/armonik-healthcheck.png)
::

### External services

You can manage external services from here. They permit you to quickly open your favorite operating tools, such as *Seq*, *Grafana*... 
To add or remove a service, simply start by clicking on `Manage services`.

::horizontal-area{left=66}
#left
From this interface, you can:
- **Edit** a service with ✏.
- **Remove** a service with 🗑.
- **Update the order** of the services with left anchor at the beginning of each line.
- **Add** a new service with the bottom left button.

#right
![\[Image\] ArmoniK Service Manager](/armonik-services-manager.png)
::

### Version

This button shows you the current version of the ArmoniK Admin GUI. By clicking on it, you can see a few links:
- The **changelog** of the application, with every changment and new feature.
- A link to the **documentation**.
- A link to the **ArmoniK API version** used by the GUI
- A link of the current **ArmoniK Core version**.

### Theme Palettes

This button permits you to swap between the different themes of the application. Four color palettes are currently availables :
- Indigo & Pink ☀ `default`
- Deep Purple & Amber ☀
- Pink & Blue-grey 🌑
- Purple & Green 🌑

## Navigation Bar

::horizontal-area{left=66}
#left
The navigation bar is the menu of the application. It contains the list of all the pages of the application.

By default, it is divided into 5 parts:

- The [Profile page](./2.Profile.md),
- The [Dashboard](./3.Dashboard.md),
- The [Data pages](./5.Data/1.Applications.md)
- The [Computed pages](./6.Computed/1.Sessions.md)
- The [Settings page](./7.Settings/0.navigation.md)

:::alert{type="info"}
Do you want to modify the navigation bar ? [Take a look](./8.Settings/0.navigation.md).
:::

#right
![\[Image\] ArmoniK Navigation Bar](/armonik-navigation-bar.png)
::