# Dashboard

::alert{type="warning"}
The Dashboard may change in future versions.
::

The Dashboard is the landing page of ArmoniK. It allows the user to have a simple and personnalized view of the ArmoniK Cluster. Anyone can simply add or delete DataGrids to the Dashboard.

::horizontal-area
#left
The dashboard is organized into lines. By default, a line can receive a single [component](#components). A line can be splited in order to receive more components.

Most of the magic relies on the **Dashboard configuration panel** at the bottom right of the page. It will permit you to:

- Add a component.
- Split the lines.
- Reorganize the components between the lines.

#right
![\[Image\] Dashboard Configuration Panel](https://armonik-public-images.s3.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com/Documentation-GUI/dashboard-configuration-panel.png)
::

### Adding a line

To add a line, open the **Dashboard Configuration panel** at the bottom right of the screen, and click on the `+` button. A dialog will open and ask you to provide a **name** and a **type** for your new line.

::center
![\[Image\] Adding a line](https://armonik-public-images.s3.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com/Documentation-GUI/add-line.png)
::

::alert{type="info"}
The default Dashboard view only contains a single [Task by Status](#tasks-by-status) component.
::

### Spliting the lines

You can choose to split the lines if you want to. To do that, open the **Dashboard Configuration Panel** and click on the `||` button. A dialog will open, asking you to provide a number to split your lines into.

::center
![\[Image\] spliting lines](https://armonik-public-images.s3.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com/Documentation-GUI/dashboard-spliting-lines.png)
::

For example, spliting the lines in `2` means that every line will be composed by a maximum of `2` [components](#components).

### Reorganizing the lines

You can reorganize the components between the lines by opening the **Dashboard Configuration Panell** and click on the 💥 button. A dialog will open, from which you can easily edit their display name, delete them, or change their positions from a line to another by dragging them with your cursor.

::center
![\[Image\] Reorganizing lines](https://armonik-public-images.s3.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com/Documentation-GUI/dashboard-reorganizing-lines.png)
::

---

## Components

There is two kind of components for the dashboard:
- [Datagrids](./6.DataGrids/1.introduction.md)
- Dashboard Components

When adding a line, those two kind of components will be proposed as a line type. The Datagrid components do not change from their original configuration.

The components all have the same quick actions (that you can find in the top right corner of every toolbar):

- **Edit line name**: Permits you to change the display name of the line.
- **Delete the line**

### Dashboard Components

For now, only one dashboard component is available: Tasks by Status.

#### Tasks by Status

The Tasks by status component can be mismatch with the [Tasks by Statuses column](./6.DataGrids/3.columns.md#tasks-by-statuses). The only differences between them is the scope and a few interactions.

The Tasks by Status component allows you to group tasks by their statuses, regardless of their session, application, partition... It provides you a complete description of your statuses groups.

You can filter the **Tasks by Status** data just like any DataGrid.

::alert{type="info"}
Take a look at [how to filter data](./6.DataGrids/6.filtering.md#how-filters-work)
::

By clicking on any status or status group, you will be redirected to the [Task Datagrid](./7.Data/4.Tasks.md). The filters applied to the the component will be propaged.