# Toolbar

The toolbar is the top element of a DataGrid.

::center
![\[Image\] Datagrid Toolbar](/armonik-datagrid-toolbar.png)
::

### Refreshing data

You can refresh the data of the table by clicking on the `Refresh` button.

Tables are automatically refreshed every 10 seconds by default. 
You can change this value by clicking on the `Set up Auto Refresh` button.

::alert{type="warning"}
Please keep in mind that a higher refresh rate may have a significant impact on the database performances.
::

### Modifying columns

The table do not show every column by default. You can click on `Modify Columns` to select the columns you want to display.

In the table view, you can also drag a column from a position to another to change their order.

The columns data will be stored in the local storage.

::alert{type="info"}
More about [columns](./5.columns.md).
::

### Filters

You can manage (view, add, edit, or remove) filters from the toolbar. They are stored in the navigator storage.

::alert{type="info"}
More about [filters](./5.filtering.md).
::

### Quick Actions

The Quick Actions are in the top-right corner of the toolbar. They offer various actions to alterate your datagrid. They can change from a datagrid to another, but there are default toolbar actions:
- **Lock Columns**: Allow or prevent to modify and alter the order of the columns
- **Reset Columns**: Reset Columns to default.
- **Reset Filters**: Clear filters.
- **Add To Dashboard**: Add the datagrid, its displayed columns, filters, and configuration to the end of the dashboard.